Give PSArm block an alias-free environment so property keywords work (#133)
PowerShell/PSArm: README.md

Whereas in `Microsoft.Network/publicIpAddresses`, `ipConfigurations` is meaningless,
but `publicIPAllocationMethod` allows you to configure the IP allocation method.

#### NOTE

Because ARM properties can have any name and are implemented as functions
(which are masked by aliases),

> PowerShell aliases (except for ARM aliases) don't work in an `Arm` block.

Author: ```suggestion
PowerShell aliases (except for ARM aliases) are disabled in an `Arm` block.
```
